Trace files are divided into "frames," which is each point just before the next
instruction is fetched (i.e. right when System65::Dispatch() starts. The frame
number should coincide with the instruction count.

A trace does not need to record every consecutive frame; conversely, a playback
doesn't need to check every consecutive frame. A dynarec, for example, may only
be able to record or check a frame after executing a batch of instructions.

The trace is only concerned with the "external" effects of each frame, i.e.
it only records anything that a 6502 program could potentially record itself.

Public interface:

RecordTrace(filename, cycle count)

Starts a new trace file, recording up to (cycle count) instructions before 
losing

PlayTrace(filename, cycle count)

Plays back a trace file. cycle count specifies the maximum instruction count to
trace before stopping. A value of 0 means it will play back until the end of the
trace file.

StopTrace()

Stops a currently-running trace

Private interface

bTraceEnabled - enable tracing
iCycleLimit - Which cycle will the last frame be recorded on. A value of 0 or
less than the current instruction count will disable tracing.

RecordFrame(cycle number)

Records a frame of execution; should be called before execution starts.

File format:

Frame Number
     |
     +--- Register State
     |
     +--- Memory Delta
     |
     +--- Interrupt

Frame Number: The number of instructions retired, starting from 0

Register State: A snapshot of the state of each register in the CPU

Memory Delta: Which cells of memory have changed from the last frame. The format
should be as follows:

Interrupt: What interrupt(s) should trigger. The effects of the interrupt happen
in the next frame. Multiple interrupts firing on the same frame is currently
undefined.

frame 0
	a: 0
	x: 0
	y: 0
	s: 0
	pc: 0
	memory
		0x0000: 00
		0x0001: 00
		...

frame 1:
	a: 1
	memory
		0x8000: FF
	interrupt
		irq

binary format idea:

frame count
frame number
0x00: bitfield representing registers that have changed
list of registers that have changed, in order
